Now, you may have asked yourself, Mo, why when I'm over here and I do this, does this happen?
Well, that's because the browser, when you surf to this URL now, does a get request that get request
does not send the payload with it.
It does not, in fact, allow the the server a body.
Right.
No bodies being sent with this request.
So this these two lines already fail.
Right.
This doesn't exist.
Now, here's where you get into semantic reasoning.
This you URL should never be used to surf directly to.
So we don't really care whether or not you surf to it.
But in the case, like you could make a case where for security purposes or whatnot, you exit out,
get request is being done or what in this particular scenario, we're not really concerned with that.
So we're just going to leave it as is.
And now that we have the body, Tolkan name and the body amount.
Right.
So we know everything about the request.
Well, now we need to do a bit more hooking up.
Right.
And what I mean by that is we need to take the actual data that we have in the UI here and utilize it.
So the first thing we're going to pass in here is the sum that's the first piece of data that we already
know about.
The second piece of data is the name.
The name is something that we know now because it's being used in the state.
And the third piece of data that we need is the CONSED, the card that was added set card.
And for this, we don't really have anything yet.
We haven't really hooked up our card to be available.
So if if we do not have a card or the card does not have an I.D. because that is the token cardboard
ID when we add the card, if we don't don't have either of those, we're going to say return exit out
of this function.
We're going to say cancel that log something error.
Right.
Or some error.
So we're going to handle this case a bit later on.
And in order for us to do that now, we need to get this card.
So how are we going to set the card?
Well, first of all, everything happens in a flow, so first we fill in the name and then we fill in
the card and on the card credit card input, we need to add an on success hook.
And that Unsuccess Hook is what's going to give us our card back.
It's it's a function that's going to be invoked, that's going to return us our card, and then we're
going to say set card card.
And that is exactly what is going to allow us to get the card back from the credit card input.
Now, we could also simplify this and just say such card.
OK, so that way, if we call it, it just automatically sets.
Now, if we go to credit card input, right, the credit card input component over here, we need to
check.
If you are incomplete, we're not going to do anything with you, but if you are complete.
We're going to call, if so, if you are not.
If it is not is incomplete, right, we have all of the information we've already structured a very
nice card over here and we get the info back.
So if you are not incomplete, we're going to do the Carter request.
And then when the info comes back, we're going to do on success of the info and on success is going
to be pulled from over here.
On success.
And so by doing this now, we've hooked up the info that comes back from the card token to be pushed
into Unsuccess and then that goes into the checkout screen, that's going to be calling set card, that's
going to be going into this function.
But now the ENPI actually needs to be triggered at a certain point because on Mount of our component
doesn't really make sense.
That's not going to allow us time to fill in things.
So we're going to hook up our payment button to the on pay function and that's going to allow us to
implement this flow properly.
OK, so now if we fill in Mo Beenie.
And then if we fill in for two, four to four to four to four to four to four, two and so forth.
And then we press play what's going to happen?
It's called pay, right?
But it's still sending one to three.
Oh, that's not good.
We actually didn't give it the card, so let's go ahead and give it the card dot I.D. and that's going
to be our payment token.
So if we do that now and then we press pay.
There we go.
Now we're getting a token token Bobigny.
But for some reason.
Is not being sent.
Why isn't the sun being sent?
That's very odd.
Well, obviously it is being sent in space.
We are not actually recording it.
So body that amount.
And if we do that and then we hit pay, now we're getting twelve ninety nine.
So we're getting all our information back now from our UI to go to our actual service.
It's that easy now, we're not handling any of the information that comes back to us, but now that
we're sending information to the server, we can try the process of payment.
So let's see what that looks like.